# Code Breaker for Tandy 100/102

Entry in the 2018 BASIC 10-line game contest, in the `PUR80` category.

Due to the severly limited space in the code, there are no in-game instructions. Please refer to this README instead.

This is a logic/code-breaking game in the style of "Master Mind". The player must
try to guess a random 4-digit code generated by the computer. Valid numbers are 1 through6.

Response is given in
a code of empty and filled glpyhs on the screen. Filled glyphs (&diams;) correspond to a correct
number in the correct position. Empty glyphs (&loz;) correspond to a correct number in an
incorrect position. As an example, if the secret code is:

`1452`

then a guess of `1,2,3,4` would display &diams; &loz; &loz;

Note: Glpyhs used on the Model 100 differ somewhat from what's use in this README.

This game will work out of the box on a Tandy 100 or 102. Modifications are required to run on a 200.

## Entering your guess

Enter you guess ass a series of comma-separated numbers. For example:

`3,1,4,5`

pressing the ENTER key once after all digits have been typed. You may use the backspace key to correct
or change your entry before pressing ENTER.

## Running the game

### Running on real hardware

To run the game on a real Tandy 100 or 102, use a TPDD emulator (LaddieAlpha, mComm, NADSbox, etc.) and a
DOS of your choice (TS-DOS, TEENY) to load the file `CODE.DO` onto the computer. Start `BASIC` and run:

`LOAD "CODE.DO"`

Type `RUN` to execute the program.

### Running in the "Virtual-T" emulator

Obtain Virtual-T from https://sourceforge.net/projects/virtualt/

Start Virtual-T, select "Model" from the "Emulation" menu, and ensure that either
M100 or M102 is selected. Open the "File" menu and choose "Load file from HD". Navigate to 
the CODE.DO file and click "Ok". The file should appear in the menu.

Start `BASIC` and run:

`LOAD "CODE.DO"`

Type `RUN` to execute the program.
